@W-13146921@: Setup github actions workflow for nightly releases (#1382)
SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit: README.md

Your contributions are welcome! Refer to the [CONTRIBUTING](./CONTRIBUTING.md) guide to get started. If you like `pwa-kit`, consider adding a ⭐ on the [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/). It helps other people discover PWA Kit!

## 🛠️ Nightly Builds

> The nightly builds are interim PWA Kit builds that are untested and unsupported. Use at your own risk!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ PWA Kit releases nightly builds on a nightly cadence for better visibility about upcoming features and a chance for implementers to test code integrations via a "preview" release. These builds are untested and unsupported. Use at your own risk!
```

> We do not recommend using nightly builds in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nightly builds carry none of our guarantees associated with well-tested software. **Do not use these builds in production**.
```
